Er 1
For a time, there existed nothing. In a way, there was no time, as nothing happened, there was no light, no matter, nothing at all. At some point, or at the beginning, a consciousness arose from the void. In that void, it thought of many things. And in the time that passed, an unimaginable amount of time to our standards, its thought began to taint reality.
The first thing that was tainted into the world was a body. One that resembled that of man. Or rather, man greatly resembles that body. This body did not think in any language, but ideas and concepts, for the concept of language was still a long time away. These thoughts and ideas did not always taint the world, and often times they were just that, ideas. But as time passed, the body learned how to control its thoughts. And with its thoughts, its ability to taint the world the way it desired.
In its experimenting, it created a great many worlds. All of which were cast away from this body. As if throwing away a failed painting or restarting an essay. But finally, it created a world that it loved. Known now as Erol, the land of Er. Here, it created a star, and many moons. And here, this body, finally content, decided to rest. 
When it awoke, after an unknown amount of time, it found its world had changed. For its dreams had tainted its perfect world. There was what would now be called vegetation, but what it believed to be pure beauty. It was overcome with joy, and great inspiration. For after it awoke, it immediately went to work.
It visited many of the strange worlds that it had cast out and filled them with different forms of vegetation. But what it soon learned was that the vegetation would die without a star. And so, it created many stars. 
Some of these plants it would take back to Erol, but most were just its experiments. When it arrived back at Erol, it filled the world with many different plants. When it was done, it laid down once again. This time however, it did not rest. For when Erol’s star fell, the sky was filled with many stars. 
It followed the night sky for a long time, staring into the stars. Eventually it decided to make these star clusters into different shapes. And it created the many constellations that paint the sky today.
Feeling content again, out of new ideas, and happy with the shape of Erol, it once again decided to rest. This time on one of the many moons of Erol. For here, it was able to see the stars at all times. 
When it awoke, after many years of rest. The world had changed once again. For Erol had a new form of life, so did the moons, the many worlds orbiting the constellation stars, and the space separating all of these objects. This life that its dreams had created was not like the life it had created the first time it slept, it could move and breathe. 
This being was amazed, for now it could share its ideas with these forms of life. So, in its great mind, it created language. He shared his language with all these lifeforms, at least the ones who were able to make noise. With this great epiphany he gave names. Starting with himself, he named himself ‘Er’. There was no reason except for that it felt right. Er named many more things, he named the world Erol, and the star Eroleas. It named the first moon Erin, the second moon Erof, and the third moon, the biggest, and the one farthest from Erol, Erit.
The Erolins had capabilities most similar to Er. For their bodies were strong and resilient, their minds were sharp and creative, they could sense everything, and their thoughts could sometimes birth new creations. But the Erolins, now seeing Er, were jealous. For Er could do everything they could, but better. Not only that but Er’s body was much simpler. For the Erolins had seven arms each, they had dozens of eyes coating their bodies, their skin was a deep black, and their head was void of any hair, for their seventh arm was on their head. They stood twenty meters tall, and everything they created had to fit in the palm of their seventh hand.
The Erinins had large bodies, standing 10 meters tall. Their skin was a ruby red, much like their moon. They had six arms, and each hand had 8 fingers and 2 thumbs. Their strength was dwarfed by nothing in the galaxy except for the Erolins. Their heads were bald, but not in the strange way of the Erolins, and they had only two eyes, much like Er.
The Erofins stood only two meters tall. They had only two arms, with the hands of man. Their skin was sapphire, much more vivid than their moon’s dull blue. Their bodies were coated in eyes. Each eye could see better than any lifeform, and each eye saw a little differently. Their minds were sharp, giving them knowledge like no other. The only beings smarter than these geniuses were the Erolins, for their brain stretched from their large head up through their seventh arm. But that being said, even the dullest Erofin would seem omniscient to a human. 
The Eritians, were not smart like the Erofins, and were not strong like the Erinins. Their skin was white as marble, but very fragile. They had three arms, two on the left, and one on the right. They stood five meters tall but had no head. Where their head would have been, was a hand, or rather their head was a hand. In the palm of that hand was a single eye. Their mouth was on their wide chest. It lacked lips, and was used almost entirely for feeding themselves, before language came around. But while the Eritians lacked the strength and smarts of the other Eroleaseans, their very unique shape and different way of living gave them great creativity. They had the power of thought that Er and the Erolins had. What they created had to fit in the palm of their fourth hand, but they had a creativity that did rival the Erolins. 
The Erolin society was one of tradition. For they had a monarchy, and in their long lives they created a strict structure, one that is believed to resemble the modern day Silern Erdom. They had technology that far surpassed our own, that is much like magic and used electricity in some way that is now heresy. But in the time between their ruling and when humanity discovered their ruins, it was long lost to time. They were a very purposeful people, for their life was long, and they spent a lot of time deciding what action to take. But this strict hierarchy, and strict culture, created an envy between the upper and lower class. This envy developed into hatred, and the hatred the farmers had for the monarchy, the monarchy had for Er.
The Erinin society was much like that of the eriginal humans. They spent most of their time following the beasts that inhabited their moon. They lived much longer lives than the eriginal humans did though, and because of that they were able to develop deep bonds with some of those beasts. Their culture was built around the tribes and the beasts they followed. While Erinins did develop rivalry with other cultures, they all saw themselves equal to another. They were a good simple people.
The Erofin society was one that valued technological and intellectual progress above all else. Their lives were much shorter than any of the other Eroleaseans, and so they devoted themselves to their work. Because they had short lives, they valued their ancestors. Their world contained many dynasties, as one may call them now. With the young Erofins learning about their ancestors, and once they matured, they would dedicate their lives to progressing the technology, or intellectual ideas that their dynasty’s founder had started.
The Eritian society was a queer one. For the Eritians did not have a typical lifespan. They were not immortal, nor mortal. They did not reproduce naturally, but were each born from the palm of their creator. Their world was very chaotic and always changing, for the Eritians had the power of creation that Er and the Erolins had. They did not value tradition though, in the way the Erolins did. This made their world a melting pot of many different ideas and creations. They were never envious of one another, as one could just create whatever they wanted, and so they had what could only be described as the only successful anarchy to ever grace the galaxy.
When the Erolins had completely conquered Erol, they set their eyes on the three moons orbiting their great world. First, they visited Erin. What they saw, or rather what they believed they saw, was a primitive society of brutes. They took many of the Erinins back to Erol and sold them to slavery. In Erol, the Erinins became commonplace, performing all matters of physical labor. Next, the Erolins came to Erof, where they saw a people that were making technological progress at an alarming rate. The Erolin monarchs decided this was dangerous and warned their people of the evil heretics who denied Erol of their birthright to the galaxy. In time, they started bombing the moon and destroyed all the progress that the Erofins had made. Finally, the Erolins visited Erit. If what Erof had was heresy, then the Eritians had sorcery. The Erolins launched a crusade against Erof with a goal of destroying their land and killing the entire species. 
This last, third, transgression that the Erolins committed against the lunar Eroleaseans was sickening to Er. Er stopped the Erolins in their tracks and banished them to stay in Erol, making them planet bound. Er wept. 
Er traveled across his galaxy, watching the life that now inhabited every bit of it. Trying to learn to understand their emotions. But, as Er was not mortal, and was the embodiment of wonder, he could not understand how they thought. As man cannot understand the actions of an Elk stunned by fear, Er could not understand the actions of a mortal.
This inability to understand caused Er even greater sadness, and so he decided to sleep. This time, however, it was not out of his lack of ideas, and being content, but because he was sad, and hoped that some change would happen while he slept. For every slumber before this, good changes had happened.
A long time passed before Er awoke again. In this time, nothing immediately stood out as it had the last two times he awoke. But this time, he knew the reason. For he had not fallen asleep in the Eroleasean system. But instead in the center of the vast galaxy he had created where the constellations he painted were nothing more than jumbles and clusters of stars, shapeless and fluid. However, he soon realized he could not see anything at all, and in his sleep, he did not dream this time. But this time he had nightmares. 
These nightmares, he remembered in a flash. The Erolins conquering the galaxy with concepts that Er had never imagined, a great many lifeforms dying in a mass genocide, and the pure fear Er felt, unable to move and forced to watch. Thankfully, Er’s nightmare was just that, a figment of the sadness in his unconscious self. But Er learned two lessons from that. One was that he could never rest again unless he was truly content. The second was that his nightmares created awful things, for there was now a massive, black vortex in the center of his beautiful galaxy.
This vortex, what is now called Er’s pit of despair, marked a change in his previously hopeful, wonderful self. For Er decided that the Erolins were unfit to live on his great world. And he banished them. Each one was sent to a distant star. He gave them a figment of his own power. But they could only use that power within their constellation. Er truly believed that they would realize the glory of life, and thought, and that each one would redeem themselves. He hoped that those who were born from his subconscious, those that his mind thought would be fit to live on his masterpiece, Erol, would return to him. We know now that his hopes were for naught but Er had not yet lost hope.
Er knew that this test would take a long time but also knew that if he slept, then anything could happen. So, he took the lifeforms that lived on Erin, Erof, and Erit, and brought them to Erol. They who had suffered together by the Erolins had developed an almost brotherly bond with each other. They did not hate each other like the Erolins had hated them. But they did have a rivalry. They each wanted to compete to earn the favor of Er. To show that they were Er’s best creation. Er did not like this but did not want to punish them. For this competition was about making the biggest mark on Erol, and there was no harm being done. The Erinins built many grand structures, the Erofins studied the natural world, and the Eritians learned the magic of thought.
These three cultures brought Er a joy he had not felt since he had painted the sky, what was now an eternity ago. But he did not think that any of them were superior than the others. In the time that they spent improving their specialties, Er watched, and Er was amazed by what the three cultures had accomplished. 
	And so, Er decided to offer the three a deal. He wanted to see the three work together. Each of them had reached the pinnacle of what they worked towards. In their short lives, they devoted generations of work towards proving themselves better, but that was not what Er wanted to see. He wanted to see unity between these Eroleaseans, and to see what they could accomplish together. While he waited to see if they could make good on their deal, he went to see how the Erolins were doing on theirs. 
 	What Er found, unfortunately, was that only one in a thousand Erolins were able to make good on their deal. What he found with most of them was truly awful. It was as though his nightmares had come true. 
Some worlds were completely dead, with the Erolins just lounging away, careless about their destruction. Others had created lifeforms of terrible stupidity who knew of nothing but to serve their Erolin master. Some constellations turned themselves to war, each star’s master leading their creations to war, all just to see who could make the best war-machine. 
These wars, as we know, could each have thousands of history books written on them. As they had millions of battles each. But these wars, Er has vowed not to speak of. For they were bloody, and when the games were finished, they would kill the creations and start a new contest. Billions if not trillions must have died in these wars that were nothing more than meager entertainment for the Erolin masters of their worlds.
But most of them were covered in blood, of a master who believed they deserved to have Erol for themselves, and they took this rage out on their creations, and when they were dead, they would just create more. Sometimes, they would give hope to their creations, just to take it away and kill them all. This sickened Er greatly and with each world he visited, he was only made more and more angry with the Erolins. Not only was Er upset with the Erolins, but also with himself, for not knowing that they would do this. Or perhaps believing that they would change.
	Er, in his fury, and maybe madness, created a new realm, one with no name, but what we now call Ris. In Ris, a reality completely separate from his galaxy, he took these Erolins that failed to prove themselves and cast them away. Their eternal life still lasting. However, Er was still angry, and so he created gatekeepers, without a conscious, and were more akin to a mechanical being than a beast of blood. He gave the gatekeepers the power to hold the Erolins accountable to their actions and left Ris.
	When Er calmed down, he returned to Erol with the Erolins that were able to prove themselves. What they came back to was glorious, for the three peoples had made a great society, and painted Erol with beauty, much like Er had painted the night sky. And so, Er had to make right on his deal.
	This was the moment that Er gave his first blessing. This blessing was most certainly the greatest to ever be given, even if Er did not yet know it. For Er created a realm, much like Ris, but he named it Eris, in his name. He gave the Erinins, Erofins, Eritians, and the few Erolins great power, much like his own, but bounded to Eris. Not all of these peoples took the blessing, for they were content with what they had achieved, and not felt it important to keep on living, but most did. 
	In Eris, these people made into a great realm, inspired by Er’s galaxy, and they built the most amazing land to ever exist, one of whimsy and wonder. Er, who was once again content with how things had turned out, decided he could once again rest. But when Er awoke for the fourth time, the world had not changed. 
	Er knew, when he awoke, that he needed to repopulate Erol. For it did not feel right to not share his glorious world. He knew that he could not make people who excelled at everything, like the Erolins, or people who could reach the pinnacle of an art as with the Erisins. So, he made a people who might be able to achieve greatness, but they were not designed to reach such heights. These peoples, he named human. For, they were shaped like Er, but they did not have a fraction of the power he had. But more importantly, he did not want to have a people who felt entitled to Er’s blessings, and so they went without the name of Er. Today, we know them as the eriginal humans, for they were made in Er’s image, without any of the Erisin intervention.
 
Er 2
Scarros
	Life went on for a long time once the eriginal humans had populated the world. Er, spent his time living amongst the humans, and visiting the Erisins. Er told the Erisins stories of the traveling humans, who were akin to ants compared to the old masters of Erol. But in these stories sparked dreams, for when one had to struggle to even get dinner, even a single hunting trip could be retold as an epic story. The Erisins were impressed by these stories and wished to see the humans for themselves. So, Er opened a portal from Eris to Erol. But the Erisins were not allowed to reveal themselves. So, in the land of old Erol, there were many gods amongst the men. And with those gods, even greater fables were born, and Erol became a truly wonderful land, and was quite queer compared the world today.
	As time went on, some of the Erisins become bored with the static world of humans. The world became saturated with stories, and every family knew at least a dozen tales. So, the Erisins asked Er if they could give blessings to the humans. Er decided he would let them, as he did to them. And so, the Erisins revealed themselves to Erol. 
	With that change, some people became pious, others became envious, and many did not change their lives at all. But with the knowledge of beings greater than them, they asked for direction, not because they disliked their wandering lifestyle, but because they wanted to impress the Erisins. 
	The Erisins showed man how to cultivate the world and farm the many crops of Erol. They asked man to show themselves worthy of greater blessings. Man grew these crops, and their population boomed. With many more people, and humankind showing love, the Erisins helped them build cities by teaching them many trades. One of these cities stood like no other. 
	You see, at this point man was very primitive, and with that even a thousand people pledging to help build a society together was like a miracle. But this city, the fabled city of Scarros, blossomed.  
	Scarros’ true location is now lost to time, but the Scarrosi dedicated themselves their trades. Here they created a culture, and were a united and pious people, who lived to serve and impress the Erisins. But the way they served was not like the Erolins created creatures to serve them, for it was their choice. This was clear to Er, in a way that is not clear to many people today, but the Erisins did give man a choice. And man serving the Erisins was not a one-way street, for when people devoted themselves to the Erisins, the Erisins would reward man with blessings. 
	In Scarros, man built a pantheon for each clan of the Eris. To the Erolin who gave structure and order; to the Erinin who gave strength, love, and agriculture; to the Erofin who gave philosophy, cunning, and science; and to the Eritian who gave man critical thinking, and freedom. Those that the Erisins declared most pious each received a blessing, and the first four non eriginal humans were born. 
The Erolin blessed a man named Markhus. They blessed him with a body as hard as iron, and his skin took a dark grey tint. The Erinin blessed a man named Percuthus. They gave the ability to make bonds with beasts, and his skin took a reddish hue. The Erofin blessed a lady named Viesna. She was blessed with a third eye that could perceive four seconds into the future, and her skin took a deep blue tone. The last man blessed was named Carthage. The Erinian blessed him with the ability to perform alchemy, and his skin turned white as marble. These blessings did not happen at the same time, and they each impacted the world in different ways, but the precedent they set still lasts today. 
Percuthus, after obtaining his blessing, set out to travel the world for this was what the Erinins would have done. In doing that, he brought the pantheon of Erinin with him, preaching to the common people of the world. In time he found a lady he fancied, and they together built a family. That is how the Percuthi people, the descendants of Percuthus who still roam the world today, were born. Percuthus’ blessing in being able to bond with beasts was not limited to but one beast, as many Erinin blessings today are, but their bond is much more spiritual in nature. For a bond to a Percuthi man is one of lifelong companionship.
Carthage, after obtaining his blessing, created the Carthage Company. He gathered a group of men and women and set off to discover what alchemy entails. His blessing was given to all those who joined the company, for the Eritians do not care about blood, only what you make of yourself as an individual. The company has split multiple times over the several millennia since its founding, but the original company still exists with its same core tenets. 
Markhus, after obtaining his blessing, preached to the Scarrosi people. For here was his homeland, and here was the biggest city in the world. After some time, Markhus eventually elevated to lordship over the city. Soon, Markhus looked for a wife, he set his eyes upon Viesna. For while she had a different Erisin’ blessing, he saw only the value of her blood, and the dynasty they could create. 
Viesna’s blessing was perhaps the strangest of them all. For her blessing was not inherently tied to the culture of the Erofins. She did not consider herself an engineer or a scientist, and she did not consider herself very pious. For she only did as her parents did and did not push any farther. But, to the Erofins, this was perfect, for they did not want to be worshipped, and Viesna worked to improve her own life, not the life of the Erisin. Viesna came from a family of farmers who followed the Erofin in hopes of new technology, but Viesna did not want help from the pantheon. For her family, she invented a plow that was the pulled by their domestic buffalo. she did not consider this a major invention, and she did not try to sell it. For this was a way to increase the amount of land their family could work. Throughout her early life, she worked hard and long hours. This earned her the inheritance of her family’s farm. Viesna, a simple farmer, received this strange blessing. But, after some years she would discover the reason for the blessing. When her elder brother, Zachus, who had been disinherited by her father, tried to kill Viesna. 
Viesna, who had become used to her third eye, wrestled with Zachus for a long while. For her blessing was one of intelligence, not physical improvement. But, her father walked in right when she killed Zachus. Her father, in his fury, surprise, and sadness, did not believe that his son could have started the battle. And he did not believe his daughter Viesna. He took her to the town guard, and Viesna was locked away. There she was sentenced to be hung at the end of the month, for the punishment for all crime in Scarros was death.
Markhus, who had previously tried to court Viesna, saw this as a great opportunity. He offered Viesna a deal. She would become his wife, and she would be pardoned on the account of self-defense. Viesna, unhappily, yet grateful, took the deal. The Scarrosi people celebrated the marriage, and a large parade was held in their honor. 
Markhus and Viesna’s children were born with both blessings, these people today are the Scarrosi. Their skin is hard and a deep ocean blue, with a third eye on their forehead that can see up to four seconds into the future. But these blessings are not inherently strong and must be trained upon. The Scarrosi today, are some of the most fearsome fighters, and many have taken the role of knight for a liege. 
Scarros prospered for a long time under the Scarros family. It grew rapidly, and the Carthage Company decided to set its base of operations there, after travelling around the world and becoming the largest company at the time. The city grew slowly with time but became a small kingdom under the leadership of Markhus Scarrosi III. He led his men to battle himself and conquered the surrounding lands in just seven years. After declaring himself king of the land, he went to the Erolin Pantheon. There, he asked for a blessing, for the people of Scarros loved the country, and loved him. He became lord of the city at just 43 years of age, and by his 50th birthday he had created the largest country that humans had seen. But, asking for a blessing was not something man had ever done. This brought turmoil to the Erisins, for some were outraged, and saw blessings as a gift. Others were impressed with the bravery of a mere human asking for a blessing. Others did not know what to think, as his dynasty already possessed two blessings. In the end, the Erolin name Magist decided to give him a contractual blessing. 
Magist believed in ruling with an iron fist. For at this time, a tyranny was not yet considered a bad thing, and Markhus proved himself a great tyrant to his people. His blessing, one that granted a long lifespan, allowed Markhus to continue growing his land. From a small kingdom to the Tyrannic Scarrosi Empire. He conquered most of the continent and gained worship from many people. The eriginal man was not strong, he did not live long, and even a small feat could become a tale through the ages. Markhus, now known as Markhus the Tyrant, was closer to an Erisin than a man, and the people, who gained more under his leadership, than from praising the Erisin, began to think of the Tyrant as such. The more time that passed, the emptier the pantheons became. The more time that passed, the more complacent the citizens became. And the more time that passed, the angrier Magist became. Magist wanted to punish the people and Markhus for what had happened inside the Tyrannic Scarrosi Empire. But not all of the Erisin were on the same page. 
For a long time, the Erisin debated on what to do about the situation. However, they all agreed that what happened could not happen again, and so man was limited to no more than two blessings. The first punishment that came was to the rulers of the empire, Markhus the Tyrant, his court, and the lords of land under his leadership were transmuted into the Tyran, a fat angry people, who have strength but not much intelligence. The Tyran spend much of their time competing amongst each other to prove themselves superior. With this change, the Tyrannic Scarrosi Empire fell. Markhus, who had lost all his blessings died on the spot. His men, who had lost their cunning all competed among each other for who would lead the Empire now, but in the end they all killed each other. The surrounding lords, who were not as power hungry, destroyed the surrounding infrastructure and pillaged what used to be their people. 
Within two weeks, the Empire had fallen to the chaos, and many men had died. The Tyran had grouped together, believing themselves above humanity, and formed what are now the Six Fallen Tyran Houses. In time, some of the Tyran would reassimilate into humanity, but most of them believing themselves above man, were savages. The Erisin were wary with blessing during this time, now known as the dark age, for they would not share their radiance with humanity. 
For decades after, many men had attempted to restore the Tyrannic Scarrosi Empire, but all had failed. None received 
